At Luminus Group we aspire to have the UK’s most talented and inspired team. We aim to recruit people of the highest calibre with the skills, knowledge, and competence to perform with excellence, whatever their role.



12 month fixed term contract 



An exciting opportunity has arisen in our Neighbourhood Services Team as a Neighbourhood Warden. The role of Neighbourhood Warden involves working with other agencies to help improve the quality of life of residents. You will gain the confidence of residents and work with them to deter anti-social behaviour and improve the environment. You will undertake a range of tasks, including minor handyman duties, graffiti removal, collecting rubbish, assisting with room clearances and generally taking a caring attitude towards your patch. In addition you will visit vulnerable residents to aid safe living conditions.



As a Neighbourhood Warden, you must have a positive attitude, clarity of thought, and be determined to see tasks through to completion to support the Group’s Mission, Values and Goals.



You will be expected to work a 37 hour week (Monday to Friday). The successful candidate will have experience of working in a community based role, as well as experience of providing advice to customers on a face to face basis. Within this role it is essential that you possess gardening and handyperson skills, are able to work on your own initiative and can demonstrate confidence as a lone worker. The role requires the use of internal software systems and Microsoft packages such as Word and Outlook efficiently; therefore, basic computer skills are essential. You must hold a full UK Driving Licence. You must be PC literate along with having the ability to manage your workload in an organised manner.



Employment for this position will be conditional upon two satisfactory professional references, a DBS check and an Occupational Health review. In return Luminus Group is delighted to offer our employees a wide range of excellent benefits including:


Cash back Healthcare
Childcare Vouchers
Employee Assistance Scheme
Enhanced Pension Scheme
Free Financial Advisory service
Flexible working
High street voucher discount scheme
Holiday purchase scheme
Discounted Legal Advice
Private Health Insurance
Subsidised gym membership
Subsidised personal training on site
Free fitness classes on site.




The closing date for applications is Monday 11 December 2017



Interviews will be held week commencing 18 December 2017 
