
Role Profile

TEMPORARY FOR 6 MONTHS

ROLE DEFINITION
To prepare and serve meals, providing a quality catering service.

KEY TASKS AND RESPONSIBILITIES

Corporate Responsibilities

To undertake individual role in line with the Council’s Strategic Priorities and in compliance with the Council’s corporate policies and procedures.
To undertake any other reasonably required duties as instructed by Management or someone acting on their behalf, in addition to the role specific tasks & responsibilities detailed below.
Role Specific Tasks & Responsibilities

Food preparation.
Cooking and food presentation.
Service of food and beverages.
Cash handling and till operation.
Complete and maintain relevant paperwork.
General catering and specific cleaning duties associated within a catering facility.
May be required to assist in the organisation and supervision of the catering facility.
Operate within the current Health and Safety legislation ensuring safe working practice by adhering to the Council’s Health and Safety Policy.
Operate within Food Safety and Nutrition Guidelines.
ESSENTIAL / DESIRABLE CRITERIA

 

Essential

Desirable

Evidence

Education and Qualifications

Elementary REHIS, or equivalent
Elementary Food & Health, or equivalent
706/1, 706/2 or SVQ Level 2 in Catering or equivalent
Intermediate REHIS, or equivalent
Application Form
Interview
Experience

Previous experience in similar capacity
People Management
Transported Meals
Function Catering
Application Form
References
Interview
Specialist Knowledge

HACCP (Food Safety)
Nutrition knowledge
Health & Safety knowledge
 

Application Form
Interview
Pre/Post-Interview Check (if appropriate)
Skills and Abilities

Ability to bake and cook
Supervisory skills
Application Form
References
Interview
Other

Able to undertake training as required
Able to work additional hours
Ability to help with catering functions
Application Form
Interview
Pre/Post-Interview Check (if appropriate)
Staff Values & Behaviours

North Ayrshire Council uses behavioural based approach throughout the recruitment process. Our staff values of Focus, Passion & Inspiration will be explored for this vacancy.

Further information on how to complete behaviour based application form questions is available on the

Value

Behaviours

Focus.

We put our customers first

We understand the bigger picture

 

Provide excellent customer services
Meet and where possible exceed the expectations of internal and external customers.
Understand the performance levels and standards required within our own role and strive to achieve and where possible exceed these.
Know how the work we do fits into the overall performance of the Council.
Passion.

We take pride in the jobs we do

We are ambitious for our community

Take ownership of our own actions and performance.
Reflect on the work we do and consider how it could be improved.
Have a positive impact on the lives of our customers and their communities.
Push the boundaries to help our customers and communities realise their potential.
Inspiration.

We all look for better ways to deliver our services

We achieve the best results together

Find new ways to deliver improvements, efficiencies and value for money.
Embrace change with enthusiasm and creative ideas.
Work together and creatively produce the best outcomes for our customers and communities.
Plan all activities with the end goal in mind.

Additional Information

PVG (Adults)

This post is considered Regulated Work with Protected Adults, under the Protection of Vulnerable Groups (Scotland) Act, 2007.  Therefore, it is an offence to apply if you are barred from working with protected adults

Preferred candidates will be required to join the PVG Scheme, or undergo a PVG Scheme Update check, prior to confirmation of employment being made by North Ayrshire Council.  Please note, successful candidates will be expected to meet the cost of the relevant PVG check (£59 or £18), which will be deducted in instalments from your wages following commencement of employment.  For further information on the PVG Scheme please visit . For further details on North Ayrshire Council’s policy please visit .

 

References

For your information if this post requires references you will be notified of further details if you are successful in gaining an interview. Not providing relevant references when requested may delay the outcome of the interview process
