GLL, the UK's largest leisure provider and one of the first and largest leisure social enterprises, is looking for a Gymnastics Coach based at Mile End Park Leisure Centre and Stadium in Mile End, East London for our lessons and courses for children and adults.



Gymnastics is a key area of focus and investment for us. So far this year, we've invested £100k into our gymnastics facilities and equipment and there is much more investment to come. We're a key player in 2012 Olympic legacy and in turn, our gymnastics courses are more popular than ever. With over 30 training facilities, including three impressive, sought-after purpose built gymnastics training units, we teach gymnastics to over 5,000 children and trampoline to over 1,500. Although we're proud that our courses are so popular and have waiting lists for people to join, our aim is to get as many people off of those waiting lists and into lessons - and that's where you come in.



The fact that you're passionate about gymnastics is an understatement. You'll live and breathe gymnastics and want to share that passion with your pupils and colleagues alike. A good all-rounder, you'll also specialise in any of a number of disciplines that we teach such as men's and women's artistic, rhythmic, trampoline and acrobatic. You'll be able to teach all groups from young children to adults and all abilities from those who enjoy gymnastics as a hobby to our elite pupils and medal winners.



You'll thrive on seeing others develop and as your courses and lessons will be your own to lead and plan, you'll influence their success and growth. Ensuring the lessons are enjoyable, you'll be able to think on your feet and be creative with the facilities around you, still making sure that your pupils are constantly observed and kept safe. Due to our size and scale, there will be plenty of hours available for you to coach and the bigger our courses get, the more opportunity there will be to further develop your career with us. We invest in our people as well as our facilities and we aim to upskill and progress people throughout their time with us.



In return, we offer:

Pension
Discounted membership at our leisure centres
Career pathways
Ongoing training and development


If you have the passion and skills for this role, apply now.



All pay rates are subject to skills, experience, qualifications, age and location.



About Us
GLL is the UK’s largest leisure provider and one of the first and largest leisure social enterprises. Our aim is to get more people, more active, more of the time whilst making leisure and community facilities accessible and affordable. We partner with local authorities to run leisure centres, swimming pools, libraries, children’s centres, spas, events spaces and world-class sporting venues such as the Copper Box Arena and London Aquatics Centre on the Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park - all under our Better brand. As a not-for-profit organisation, we’re different. Passionate about seeing our communities thrive, we invest back into our facilities, projects and people and are an Investors in People Silver Award employer.



GLL is an equal opportunities employer.
