Location: Newcastle


As QA Engineer you’ll contribute to the operational effectiveness and efficiency of the Quality Assurance Team.  You’ll represent your department across the business and to third parties, and will work in close alignment with the Head of QA and Senior QAs. 

Your focus will be on the production of high quality test services and collateral including manual scripts, automation, documentation and reporting.

The Role

Providing high quality testing services for client projects
Suggesting improvements to the QA process
Contributing to the expansion and improvement of QA Team collateral
Planning, developing and maintaining new manual and automated test cases for new projects
Producing Test Plans and Test exit\completion reports
Ensuring timely production of quality test scripts, automation and documentation for client projects
Liaising with Project Managers to help facilitate accurate delivery
Executing automated and manual tests to ensure highest quality of OB deliverables.
Creating automation\manual test reports and communicating results of execution to project stakeholders

Qualifications

2 years experience as a QA Engineer 
Thorough working knowledge of Quality Assurance and Test processes, practices and methodologies
Strong Automated testing experience and ability to build automation frameworks in at least one language
Excellent communication skills (written and verbal)
Attention to detail with a pragmatic and enthusiastic attitude to work
A bit about us:
11 years strong with a workforce of 120, and counting.
Innovation is our product, we dedicate 10% of revenue to advancing in this area.
We offer staff annual leave starting at 23 days rising to 27 days, including the option to purchase additional days annually, competitive salaries, pension scheme and the opportunity to shape our business.
Choose from a range of benefits to suit you: childcare vouchers, discounted gym membership, season ticket loans, dental plans and much more.
Casual, friendly office culture. Staff work hard together and enjoy Friday afternoon Beers with Ideas, social events and hackdays. Our unique offices include a Games Room, an Ideas Room and areas dedicated to agile project delivery.
