Do Different

At Multiplex, we've got the boldness to take on projects others say can't be done. We have the entrepreneurial spirit to challenge preconceived ideas. And we've got the determination to unlock and deliver value where others cannot see it.

We are a leading international contractor with a reputation for taking on, and overcoming the impossible.

We are changing skylines across the globe. As a pioneering construction business, we design and build complex, iconic and sustainable structures that add to the economic, cultural and community life in the areas we operate.

The Role

We have an exciting opportunity for a Senior Application Support Specialist to join a fast paced, dynamic, global team.  The role is located with our London team and is integrated as part of a forward thinking and progressive larger IT team.  The successful candidate will possess very strong IFS finance system knowledge combined with a solid finance background.  Must have in depth relevant work experience and the ability to work autonomously and results driven.

Evaluates user/system requirements and makes recommendations as to which systems approach to follow balancing  regional needs and global consistency
Responsible for reviewing and supporting new ways of working with the IFS system, sharing ideas and progressing initiatives supported by the business
Work with the IT Project Manager and Finance Stream Leader to deploy new IFS modules, roll out of large projects and define system modifications where no core IFS solution can be found
Responsible for the major upgrade to a new version of the IFS application, co-ordination between business and Vendor, preparing test environment, communicating, training and support
Co-ordinates and participates in systems tests and implementation
Responsible for delivering application support services (working closely with the business and global apps team), following current support processes to ensure that all incidents and tasks are resolved efficiently and any changes are implemented successfully
Follow enterprise wide release and change process to complete application changes
Liaise with global support team and vendors as required to ensure incidents are resolved in a timely manner
Maintain personal/professional development and meet changing role demands


Your experience

Strong understanding of Finance functions and Finance systems
In depth experience with IFS
Experience in upgrades of ERP applications (IFS Apps8)
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Able to work flexible hours with teams across various global locations and time zones
Experience with internal stakeholder engagement across all levels of a business
System implementation and/or support experience
Be self-managed, able to work independently and within a team
Strong problem solving skills
Technical knowledge of systems e.g. understanding of systems architecture, Sql, database structures
Aptitude to learn and apply new technologies and understand business processes
Understanding of ITIL and IT Service Management
Time Management, Multi-Tasking, and Adapting to Priority Changes is a must


Education

Tertiary qualifications in Business, Finance, Commerce

Successful completion of CIMA



A more diverse portfolio

With a diverse portfolio of work covering sectors from commercial, health and retail to infrastructure, residential, tourism and education, we can offer a career that never stops moving. As an organisation proud of our collaborative approach, you will find approachable colleagues and leaders enthusiastic about sharing their expertise and listening to yours.



Think like an entrepreneur

We want you to think and act like this is your business, forming close relationships with your clients, colleagues and subcontractors. In return, you'll discover excellent scope to develop and progress. You'll build a career you are proud of and help us to keep doing things differently.

Multiplex is an equal opportunities employer.
