Title: Lead Infrastructure Architect

Salary: up to £89,000 plus excellent benefits package

Location: Hampshire

My client is seeking for a Lead Infrastructure Architect to become an essential part of a team delivering major change to transform our business. A Lead Infrastructure Architect who can take responsibility for setting strategic direction, facilitating the necessary activity to deliver the business-focused change programmes and be pivotal in shaping our Cloud adoption.　

You will be able to lead planning and think strategically, evaluating options in the short, medium and long term. You will define programme architecture, working closely with their Enterprise Architecture to ensure compliance with roadmaps, architecture principles and standards. Your approach to balancing long-term (strategic) and short-term implications of individual proposals and decisions, will be pragmatic.

Working as part of our Cloud and Infrastructure Architecture team, you will collaboratively lead on project planning, support budget development process and take accountability for viability of proposed solutions, providing direction, advice and guidance throughout.

As a strong leader and influencer, you will establish strong relationships with stakeholders by effectively managing expectations and inspiring confidence in delivery. In order to evolve the overall capability of our Infrastructure Architecture, you will develop, coach, motivate, energise and inspire team members. The ability to establish strong and effective working relationships with key stakeholders, including business leads, relationship managers and delivery teams, is essential to this role.

You will have successfully delivered Infrastructure Architectures yourself having exposure to multiple, diverse technologies and processing environments. A familiarity with applying architecture frameworks and any related architecture development methods, such as TOGAF will be an advantage.

The firm is a British FTSE 35 Company and is one of the largest and most diverse energy companies in the UK. Their business is powered by talented, enthusiastic people in a whole range of roles - supporting, co-ordinating and driving the business to meet their responsibilities and achieve the company goal. They are transforming the business with an ambitious and far-reaching programme of change, enabled by IT and this Lead Infrastructure Architect opportunity is critical in helping them to drive the programme.

This is an exciting role where you'll face plenty of challenges, but the rewards are as numerous as the opportunities. As one of the UK's largest and fastest growing energy companies, They value their people and take great pride in their work. So, if you want to work in an environment passionate about safety, innovation, teamwork and excellence in everything they do, you'll be proud to be part of their family.

Our role in supporting diversity and inclusion
As an international workforce business, we are committed to sourcing personnel that reflects the diversity and values of our client base but also that of Orion Group. We welcome the wide range of experiences and viewpoints that potential workers bring to our business and our clients, including those based on nationality, gender, culture, educational and professional backgrounds, race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, and age differences, job classification and religion. In our inclusive workplace, regardless of your employment status as staff or contract, everyone is assured the right of equitable, fair and respectful treatment.
