Senior Highways Engineer


Manchester or Salford


An excellent opportunity for an experienced Highways Engineer to join Capita Infrastructure's team with the option of being based in either Central Manchester or Salford.


Job Profile


The Senior Highways Engineer shall assist in the development and implementation of work programmes whilst undertaking all the technical aspects required for project delivery including feasibility, concept design, detailed design, preparation of tender and contract documentation, invitation of tenders and supervision of construction works on site.


You shall implement projects to meet the requirements of quality, health and safety, environmental standards, and time to both national and corporate standards, as well as prepare, manage, report and maintain project cost plans. You'll also assimilate work that may be assigned to a team of engineers and technicians to deliver a variety of projects covering a range of complexities.


About Capita | Real Estate and Infrastructure

Capita Real Estate & Infrastructure is one of the UK's largest multifaceted consultancies, delivering property and infrastructure projects on a local, national and international scale. We have over 4,000 employees at 50 offices in the UK and internationally, offering a vast range of professional and technical expertise across an unrivalled number of services. The breadth and depth of our experience ensures that we are able to add value to any project, regardless of its size, complexity or sector.

We do much more than simply delivering projects; we design, manage and partner. We focus on building strategic relationships with our clients - delivering a comprehensive service across their portfolio and optimising the benefits of continuous improvement in design quality, efficiency, cost reduction and knowledge retention. We support them at all stages of a project or programme, and our understanding of the key risks and challenges means that we direct effort where it is most needed.

We are a wholly-owned division of Capita Plc and the UK's leading provider of integrated professional support service solutions.


Role Definition


Key Requirements are as follows:


You will possess a Bachelors or Masters degree in Civil Engineering or a related subject accredited by the Engineering Council OR you will be a Chartered Member of the Institution of Civil Engineers (CEng MICE) or other related profession accredited by the Engineering Council.


You will have a minimum of 5 years post qualification experience in the design, implementation and supervision of all aspects of highways and civil engineering design and construction.


You will have an extensive knowledge and understanding of the relevant legislation, standards and procedures. A working knowledge of standard highway and civil engineering specifications, conditions of contract and methods of measurement.


You will be able to demonstrate recent experience in the following:


The ability to deal appropriately and effectively with external organisations, statutory bodies and clients;


Undertaking feasibility studies including preparing reports, cost estimates, investigating problems, and identifying of options;


Working knowledge of the relevant legislation and guidelines including the Design Manual for Roads and Bridges, British and European Standards, Eurocodes and Codes of Practice;


To demonstrate initiative and ingenuity in solving engineering problems;


Arranging the procurement of highway improvement works through competitive tendering;


Preparing schemes for tender using the NEC3 family of Forms of Contract, Manual of Contract Documents for Highway Works including use of Specification for Highway Works and the Standard Method of Measurement;


Supervising and monitoring works on site, making valuations for payment assessments, chairing and managing progress meetings, identification and assessment of additional payments due to variation orders or compensation events, determination of project final accounts and completing the defects period;


The ability to set and work to personal deadlines and targets to meet the requirements of programmes of work, to meet clients' needs and to respond to targets set by others;


Able to assist in preparing fee estimates and bid work;


To demonstrate excellent communication skills, both orally and in writing, both at a general and technical level;


Ensuring compliance of the team's work with a high regard to Health and Safety and the application of the CDM Regulations and other legislation.


Supervision of and responsibility for junior members of the team, including programming and allocating work and assisting in the training and development of staff, setting goals and monitoring their performance;


Abide by the objectives and targets of both the section and the department and follow procedures and practices utilised in all aspects of the work, including computerised and manual systems and the maintenance of relevant records;


Ability to work as part of a team and commitment to customer care and team working;


Able to use of the Microsoft suite of programmes, in particular Word and Excel.


Working capability to use CAD facilities in the preparation of designs and drawings, including a 3D environment.


A full UK driving licence


At Capita, training and development aren't optional extras: they're how we do our job. We will motivate you to perform at your peak, recognising your achievements and rewarding them appropriately. As well as a generous basic salary we also give you a company pension scheme and access to voluntary benefit options including; child care vouchers, share save scheme, life assurance, holiday buy and many more designed to suit your own personal lifestyle. All of this, in a professional but fun environment.

What we hope you will do next

Help us find out more about you by completing our short application process - click apply now.

Capita operates as an equal opportunities employer and we welcome all applications regardless of gender, marital status, sexual orientation, pregnancy, race, colour, ethnic origin, nationality, religion or beliefs, disability, age, political opinions or trade union membership.

Listen | Create | Deliver

Follow Capita on twitter @capitacareers
Follow Capita on facebook @careersatcapita

Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation.

Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us.

If you are successful with your application, you will need complete Capita's vetting and screening checks. This will include, but not be limited to, Reference Checks, a Criminality Check, Financial Probity Check, Sanctions Check and Media Check.
